CSS --

Please take a look at the CSS as a whole. All this styling is my own and I kept 
each element styled in order of the flow of the page.

Specific questions below --------

---

1.) the z-index was confusing me due and my use of it was not yeilding desired
outcomes due to my poor understanding of pseudo elements (::before & ::after)
& the z-index itself..Mostly cleared up just wanted you to pay attention to my
use of the pseudo elements and the z-index  

---

2.) I have not yet developed or learned about a convention for the grouping or
structruing of CSS properties. So for this project I decided to style each
element in the given order to provide myself with some consitency.

Positing
Sizing

Font
Color

Border
Effects

.. Don't have a question about this, just looking for thoughts on how this would
be precievied by an interviewer. 

--

3.) Based on my use of display properties, does it appear that I have an understanding
of how and when to use these different properties?

[Properties are still confusing to me. My use of them here was guided by 
documentation and GPT explaining to me why things were behaving the way they were.]

--

4.) I have a decent understanding of the CSS box model, however I feel like my 
use of the positioning properties is off. I don't really have a protocol in my 
mind on how to first approach an element that I want in a specific position. I
just try things until somethings works. This feel like a bad way to approach..?

Below is the main example of me "Making it work".. these are the sums that are to
be rendered when the hand is over. (This box will only show once the dealer has 21)


#dealer-sum, #your-sum {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-end;
    margin-top: -25px;
    margin-right: -46px;
    
}

I could just be overthinking but my main issue is that things were not behaving 
for me in a predictable way.. This tells me that either I don't know my shit (true)
or some other styling property was affecting this is a way I dont understand (probably also true)

--

5.) Other than these questons I'm looking for overall thoughts on my approach to CSS here
I realize after this project that the actual design & asethtic of things is a 
different issue all together. I really dont like the way the game looks but I'm not 
creative/comfortable enough with my tools to have a clear vision on how I'd want 
things to ultimately look. So instead of focusing on the asethtics of this game 
I focused on my understanding of HOW to do things and visualizing how the elements
im editing will change before seeing it with my eyes, in otherwords...
Having a clear understanding of how to do what I want to do without having to 
resort to trial and error.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

html --


Not alot to be said about the html. Perhaps you could point out somethings I could
clean up, or correct any styling mistakes you see. Overall I feel pretty good about 
the html. I used an id based approach for each of my elements and containers to later
style.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

JavaScript -- 







